docs(api): Removed problematic language in HTMLImageElement alt property (#29905)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlimageelement/alt/index.md

This may be the case because of an error, because the user has disabled the loading of images, or because the image hasn't finished loading yet.

> Perhaps the most important reason to use the `alt` property is to support [accessibility](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility), as the `alt` text may be used by screen readers and other assistive technologies to help disabled users make full use of your content.

Reviewer: Thanks for the improvement. The [article you linked to](https://www.apa.org/pi/disability/resources/choosing-words) suggests:

>When referring to disability, the American Psychological Association (APA) urges that it is often best to "put the person first." In practice, this means that instead of referring to a "disabled person," use "person with a disability."

What do you think about:

```suggestion
Perhaps the most important reason to use the `alt` property is to support [accessibility](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility), as the `alt` text may be used by screen readers and other assistive technologies to help people with a disability make full use of your content.
```

Author: I think that sound reasonable. There's a bit of controversy regarding person-first / identify-first language (I'm disabled and prefer identity-first personally) but I think it's reasonable to start with person-first.

> It will be read aloud or sent to a braille output device, for example, to support blind/visually impaired users.

Reviewer: minor suggestion to use "or"

```suggestion
It will be read aloud or sent to a braille output device, for example, to support blind or visually impaired users.
```
